OSDOCS-12927#Group Volume Snapshots (TP) (#86332)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-group-snapshots-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-group-snapshots.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-group-snapshots-limitations_{context}"]
= CSI volume group snapshots limitations

Volume group snapshots has the following limitations:

> * Does not support reverting an existing persistent volume claim (PVC) to an earlier state represented by a snapshot (only supports provisioning a new volume from a snapshot).

Reviewer: Per ISG: "Use parentheses to identify items such as abbreviations, symbols, and measurements, but avoid using parentheses in general text."
Feel free to modify the sentence. My suggestion is just an example.

```suggestion
* Does not support reverting an existing persistent volume claim (PVC) to an earlier state represented by a snapshot, and supports provisioning a new volume from a snapshot.
```

> * No application consistency guarantees beyond any guarantees provided by the storage system (for example, crash consistency). For more information about application consistency, see link:https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/wg-data-protection/data-protection-workflows-white-paper.md#quiesce-and-unquiesce-hooks[Quiesce and Unquiesce Hooks].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No guarantees of application consistency, for example, crash consistency, are provided beyond those provided by the storage system. For more information about application consistency, see link:https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/wg-data-protection/data-protection-workflows-white-paper.md#quiesce-and-unquiesce-hooks[Quiesce and Unquiesce Hooks].
```
